I'm gonna come in hello have you been
wanting you nuts Cooper's I bet you have
well I have you in cover pet supplies
plus we got them all we are hmm we got
scholastic inc oops for the extra tiny
ones we even got brakes with cheaper but
my favorite one of all is the
extra-large peanuts uber it has a nice
little closet top took make sure they're
good grip right right and then this nice
handy dandy handle makes an easy
grabbing and if you just need to get
somebody who's passionate come over here
perfect have you got your peanut stupid
for only a retail price of 2898 whoa I
know how do you put it back with your
hands pretty well
you impressed yeah only 2898 you get
this sweet whoa that's a nice deal oh
wait this person agrees oh wait no this
is the best deal this is no we're just
looking around thank you all for take
folks is fine hi guys can Kristin and
today I'm doing i mothered supplies
saying it recommendations so today I got
this nice brush it does it's not for
dogs this is not the humans auxiliary
all hear it you know it has this nice
paddling which is for us and speak your
lucky refresh your uggs that's really
bad because I mean it's pretty risky
system zbrush carefully that's why
they're metal for x-ray detangling
purposes extra detangling this is not
look great anyway guys this is at a sale
price of 698 wow that's a great deal if
you wanna plus size your games it's a
bigger for the same price wow this is
soft brushes you don't want to get those
soft brushes because they don't hangul
out your hair